Label : The data that we're trying to predict, such as "dog" or "cat"

Architecture : The _template_ of the model that we're trying to fit; the actual mathematical function that we're passing the input data and parameters to. The functional
form of the model is called its architecture (but be careful—sometimes people use model as a synonym of architecture, so this can get confusing).

Model : The combination of the architecture with a particular set of parameters.

Parameters : The values in the model that change what task it can do, and are updated through model training.
	The weights are called parameters.

Fit : Update the parameters of the model such that the predictions of the model using the input data match the target labels

Train : A synonym for _fit_

Pretrained model : A model that has already been trained, generally using a large dataset, and will be fine-tuned.

Transfer learning: Using a pretrained model for a task different to what it was originally trained for.

Fine-tune : Update a pretrained model for a different task. A transfer learning technique where the parameters of a
	pretrained model are updated by training for additional epochs using a different task to that used for pretraining.

Epoch : One complete pass through the input data

The results of the model are called predictions. The predictions are calculated from the independent variable, which is the data not including the labels.



Loss : A measure of how good the model is, chosen to drive training via SGD. The measure of performance is called the loss.
	The loss depends not only on the predictions, but also the correct labels (also known as targets or the dependent variable); e.g., "dog" or "cat."

Metric : A measurement of how good the model is, using the validation set, chosen for human consumption

Validation set : A set of data held out from training, used only for measuring how good the model is

Training set : The data used for fitting the model; does not include any data from the validation set

Overfitting : Training a model in such a way that it _remembers_ specific features of the input data, rather than generalizing well to data not seen during training

CNN : Convolutional neural network; a type of neural network that works particularly well for computer vision tasks
